Privacy Policy for Remotely Controller

Effective Date: 2024-06-23

1. Information We Do Not Collect

Remotely Controller is designed with your privacy in mind. We do not collect, store, or share any personal information about you. This includes, but is not limited to, your name, email address, IP address, or any other identifying information.

2. Information We Collect

Non-Personal Information: The App communicates with devices on your local network to provide remote control functionality for your television. This communication is strictly limited to the operational requirements of the App and does not include any personal information. No data is sent to external servers or stored by us.

3. Use of Information

Since we do not collect any personal information, there is no use of such information. The App purely facilitates communication between your mobile device and your television over your local network.

4. Data Security

We take reasonable measures to protect the information transmitted within your local network from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your information for improper purposes.

5. Third-Party Services

Remotely Controller does not integrate with or use any third-party services that collect or share personal information.

6. Changes to Our Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

7. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability

Remotely Controller is provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. In no event shall the developers or contributors of Remotely Controller be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use of or inability to use the App, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not the developers or contributors of Remotely Controller were advised of the possibility of such damages.
